some 142 a contemplation of David a
prayer when he was in the cave I cry out
to the Lord with my voice with my voice
to the Lord I make my supplication I
pour out my complaint before him I
declare before he might trouble when my
spirit was overwhelmed within me then
you knew my path
in the way in which I walk they have
secretly set a snare for me look on my
right hand and see for there is no one
who acknowledges me refuge has failed me
no one cares for my soul I cried out to
you O Lord I said you are my refuge my
portion in the land of the living
attend to my cry for I am brought very
low deliver me from my persecutors for
they are stronger than I bring my soul
out of prison that I may praise your
name the righteous shall surround me for
you shall deal bountifully with me
[Music]
you